so bringing up the young is a very
demanding business indeed and in most
Birds
it requires the full-time labor of both
male and female but one or two Birds
managed to avoid it altogether and one
of them is a regular visitor to this
reed bed in England a cuckoo and she's
raising a reed Warblers nest
that's one of the Reed Warblers eggs
gone
and while she holds a second in her beak
shuddering with the effort she lays one
of her own
the match is near-perfect the cuckoo's
is the one at the front the reed
Warblers don't notice the difference and
continue incubation the cuckoo has timed
her action with care she laid her egg
immediately after the female reed
Warbler laid the last of hers but it
develops much faster and will hatch
three or four days before the legitimate
eggs do
young cuckoo blind and naked now deals
with the remaining Warbler eggs
two weeks later the monstrous young
cuckoo is so big that it can no longer
fit inside the tiny nest it's
brilliantly colored gape together with
its call that mimics the sound of a
whole brood of worbla chicks constitute
a demand for food that the Warblers find
irresistible the European cuckoos habit
is so famous that we tend to think it's
the only bird to behave in this way but
there are birds in half a dozen other
families that do so as well
here in Argentina brown hooded Dolls uh
nesting dolls are so vigorous and
enterprising that they might seem the
last Birds likely to be tricked but on
occasion they are
a duckling it's true parents cuckoo
ducks are far away from the nest where
they dump their egg their offspring will
never see them just as they never saw
their parents the duckling cannot know
that it's quite different from the baby
gull which has now hatched out alongside
it nonetheless something tells it that
it must not stay with this other
nestling on its very first evening it
leaves
unlike the cuckoo
it makes no further demands on the bird
that incubated it even though it's only
a few hours old it's perfectly capable
of fending for itself